# Commercial Operators Open Source License
## COOL

### Version 1.000.000


### Preamble

In the spirit of innovation, collaboration, and the enduring belief in the 
freedom to use, study, share, and improve software, we introduce the 
Commercial Operators Open Source License (COOL). This license is crafted with 
the hope of fostering a vibrant ecosystem where commercial entities and 
individual contributors alike can contribute to a flourishing open source 
community.


### Definitions

"The License" refers to the terms and conditions for the use, copying, 
distribution, and modification set forth in this document.

"The Software" refers to the covered work governed by this License.

"You" refers to any individual or legal entity exercising permissions granted 
by this License.


### Grant of Rights

With the goal of fostering an open and collaborative world, the authors of 
the Software hereby grant you a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, 
perpetual license, subject to the terms of this License, to:

a) Use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software.

b) Permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do likewise, subject 
to the following conditions.


### Conditions

Your exercise of the granted rights is conditioned upon compliance with the 
following:

a) Preservation of copyright notices, this License, and the disclaimer 
provided, within all copies of the Software or substantial portions thereof.

b) Inclusion of a clear attribution to the original authors, preserving all 
notices of copyright, patent, or trademark rights, specifically including 
author information and a direct website link as specified by the authors.

c) Ensuring that any modifications, including derivative works, are offered 
under the same terms of this License, without additional restrictions.

d) Acknowledgment that the use of the Software's name or contributors' names 
for endorsement of derived products without prior written consent is not 
permitted.


### Disclaimer of Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR THEIR CONSTITUENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE 
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


### Termination

If you violate any term of this License, your rights under this License will 
terminate automatically. Upon termination, all rights granted to you under 
this License cease, and you must cease all use, distribution, and development 
of the Software.

